Light green leaf small black and brown spots and circles near middle few brown circles scattered
Green leaf mostly okay disease near middle some circles scattered spread out
Green leaf black and brown disease spots 
Green leaf small circle disease spots and circles not many
Green leaf with a line of disease near middle and some circles that are brown away from middle
Green leaf not many brown circles of disease
Dark green leaf with dark disease near bottom of middle with some dark circles spread out
Dark green leaf with disease patch near bottom of middle with some small dark circles a bit away
Dark green leaf with disease and dark circles leaf is light green near the circles
Green leaf with some disease near middle and some brown circles there is a square brown part
Green leaf with a few brown disease parts  a small line and some circles near edges
Dark green leaf with two brown disease parts surrounded by light green
Green leaf with two brown circles 
Green leaf with few brown circles
Light green leaf with tiny brown and black spots near the center, a few scattered further out.
Green leaf mostly healthy, some disease near the center with scattered small circles.
Green leaf showing black and brown spots of disease.
Green leaf with few small circular disease spots.
Green leaf has a line of disease in the center with brown circles scattered around.
Green leaf with sparse brown circular disease spots.
Dark green leaf, dark disease near the lower middle, scattered small dark circles.
Dark green leaf with a patch of disease near the lower center and some distant dark spots.
Dark green leaf affected by disease, lighter green around the spots with dark circles.
Green leaf showing disease near the center, brown circles and a small square brown area.
Green leaf with a few brown disease spots, a tiny line and scattered circles near edges.
Dark green leaf with two brown disease areas surrounded by lighter green tissue.
Green leaf with two isolated brown circles.
Green leaf with a handful of brown circles.
Light green leaf with small black and brown spots around the middle, a few off-center.
Mostly green leaf with minor disease near the center, some spread-out circles.
Green leaf marked with scattered black and brown disease spots.
Green leaf showing minimal circular disease spots.
Green leaf with a streak of disease near the center and some brown circles off to the side.
Green leaf with limited brown disease spots, few circles visible.
Dark green leaf with concentrated disease near the bottom center, a few scattered dark circles.
Dark green leaf featuring a disease patch at the lower middle and tiny surrounding spots.
Leaf mostly dark green with diseased spots and lighter green around dark circles.
Green leaf, center slightly diseased, brown circles and a square patch noticeable.
Green leaf with minimal brown disease, a small line and circles along the edges.
Dark green leaf with two brown lesions surrounded by lighter green.
Green leaf showing two distinct brown circles.
Green leaf with several brown circular disease marks.
Light green leaf, small scattered black and brown spots near midsection.
Green leaf mostly fine, some minor disease in the center with a few circles spread out.