Half green leaf half yellow with some brown circles
yellow and green leaf  few brown circlesBrown and green leaf 
Golden and green leaf
Half brown half green leaf with brown circles
Green leaf with brown and dark patch in other half some white and bubbles near middle
Green leaf on one side and dark disease patch other side 
Large dark disease patch on one side 
Half green half brown leaf 
Green leaf with large black disease spot with yellow around it 
Green leaf with yellow large patch and some holes
Large disease takes over most of the leaf with large holes
Green leaf with yellow part spreading near end of leaf some white brown circles 
Green leaf with brown disease part see through and large hole cut
green leaf with yellow disease patch and many small white brown circles
Leaf partly green, partly yellow, with scattered brown spots.
Yellowish-green leaf with a few brown markings.
Leaf showing brown and green coloration.
Leaf tinged with gold and green.
Half of the leaf brown, half green, with brown spots.
Green leaf with dark and brown patches, some white specks and bubbles near center.
Leaf green on one side, dark diseased area on the other.
One side of the leaf dominated by a large dark patch.
Leaf split between green and brown sections.
Green leaf with a large black spot surrounded by yellow.
Leaf mostly green with a large yellow blotch and several holes.
Leaf largely affected by disease, with multiple holes.
Green leaf with a yellow area spreading toward the tip, dotted with white-brown circles.
Leaf with brown diseased section, semi-transparent with a big hole.
Green leaf showing yellow infection patches with numerous small white and brown spots.
Leaf half green, half yellow, brown flecks scattered throughout.
Yellow and green leaf marred by small brown circles.
Leaf mottled in brown and green.
Green leaf accented with golden patches.
Leaf showing brown coloration on one half, green on the other, with circular brown marks.
Leaf mostly green with a darkened, brownish patch and some white specks near the center.
Leaf green on one half, other half darkened by disease.
Leaf with one side showing extensive dark infection.
Leaf showing a mix of green and brown halves.
Leaf with a large black spot in the green area, edged by yellow.
Green leaf with spreading yellow patch and holes forming.
Leaf nearly overtaken by disease, featuring several holes.
Green leaf with yellow sections creeping toward the end, with scattered white-brown spots.
Leaf showing brown disease area, partially transparent with a prominent hole.
Leaf green with yellow-diseased area covered in many tiny white-brown circles.